{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17960\viewh14640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 HOME\
\
Welcome to my website for Visual Media Design 105! Each page will feature a project that I created as part of the class while learning to use programs in the Adobe Creative Cloud Suite: Photoshop, Illustrator, Animate, and InDesign. I decided to take Visual Media Design 105 this semester because I wanted a refresher in design skills. I graduated with a BA in Design from UC Davis in 2014 and have worked mainly as an interior designer and calligrapher since. I hope to continue taking design classes at CCSF to further develop my digital creative skills and to broaden my career opportunities in the future. I may decide to purse the Design Foundation Certificate available from the VMD department at CCSF.\
\
PIXELS\
\
For my raster project, I wanted to create a whimsical scene. I found an inspiring photo of a young girl flying on a paper crane and suddenly I saw this whole image come to life in my head with her flying above the sea. Her crown made me instantly think of The Little Prince, one of my favorite novels as a child. I included a quote from this book that I felt tied together the ethereal and dreamy aesthetic I was going for.\
\
VECTOR\
\
I had a lot of fun creating a character for the vector project. Again, I chose a \'93whimsical\'94 theme, this time with a little mouse I named Olivia who is flying over town using the wind and her blue umbrella. I really appreciate how simplistic the illustration style can be, and yet small details can convey so much in the character design. I would definitely be interested in learning more Adobe Illustrator skills to learn how to make more complex vectors and character designs.\
\
MOTION\
\
The motion project was so much fun! I have a serious appreciation for animators now that I have a tiny bit of experience making a little animation of my own. I am happy that I was able to accomplish the storyboard that I set out to animate\'96 a little penguin named Gunter who decides to take a dip in the water and lands with a big splash at the end. It was so much work to animate, but it was definitely satisfying in the end!\
\
PRINT\
\
Since most of my work tends to lean more delicate in nature, I wanted to create a print project that had lots of bold graphic elements. I also typically use rectangular text boxes and frames for my images when making print layouts, so I decided to switch that up and have some fun with angles and polygonal shapes. I am fairly happy with how the project came out and particularly like the fonts I chose to use for the display and body text.\
\
CONTACT\
\
Feel free to send me a message if you\'92re interested in saying hello or commissioning work! I can be reached at ahasse@mail.ccsf.edu.}