{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11280\viewh3680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Classic Cheeseburger\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 1/2 lb. of beef, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, basil mayo. Served with Fries.\cb1 \
\cb3 $14.00\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Turkey Avocado Burger\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 Ground turkey, pepper jack cheese, avocado, spinach, tomato, pickles, basil mayo. Served with Fries.\cb1 \
\cb3 $14.00\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 Hawaiian Burger\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 1/2 lb. of beef, pineapple, teriyaki sauce, lettuce, chipotle aioli. Served with Fries.\cb1 \
\cb3 $14.00\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The Great Grainfather- Barrel Aged Bottle\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50 - $20.00\
The Great Grainfather\
9.8 % ABV\
Aged to perfection in Kentucky bourbon barrels\
12 oz Bottle\'85\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Rebellion Scotch Ale- Barrel Aged Bottle\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50 - $20.00\
Rebellion Scotch Ale\
7.8% ABV\
Rich and malty ale, aged in peated scotch barrels\
12 oz Bottle..\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Old Groggy's Stout- Barrel Aged Bottle\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50 - $20.00\
Old Groggy's Stout\
8.7% ABV\
Brewed with molasses, aged in Caribbean rum barrels\
12 oz Bottle\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Big Bad Barleywine- Barrel Aged Bottle\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50 - $20.00\
Big Bad Barley Wine\
10.4% ABV\
Big on malt, big on hops, big on bourbon barrels\'85\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hyperbolic IPA 32 oz Crowler\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $12.00\
Hyperbolic IPA\
6.3% ABV\
60 IBU\
Once around and gone; this juicy, golden IPA is out-of-the-solar-system good! Brewed with Comet and Mosaic, then dry hopped with Strata, it's bursting with citrus and tropical fruit flavor. Super crushable and easy drinking, it won't be here for long. Get it while you can!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Daily Double DIPA 16 oz Crowler\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $9.00\
DAILY DOUBLE DIPA\
9.4% ABV\
90 IBU\
WHAT IS A classic West Coast Double IPA hopped with Idaho 7, Comet, and Mosaic! Brilliantly clear, with a rich golden hue, and big juicy flavor & aroma. MAKE IT A TRUE DAILY DOUBLE!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Chai Tea ESB 16 oz Crowler\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50\
CHAI TEA ESB\
5.6% ABV\
Experimental amber ale was brewed with 6 lbs of our favorite chai tea blend\cb1 \
\cb3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Chromatic Coffee Porter Crowler 16 oz\cb1 \
\cb3 $7.50\
Chromatic Coffee Porter\
5.0% ABV\
Collaboration with Chromatic Coffee. Conditioned with 14 gallons of fresh cold brew. Huge coffee aroma and flavor compliment chocolate and roasted notes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Revolution Scotch Ale 32 oz Crowler\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $12.00\
Revolution Scotch Ale\
6.0%\
32 oz Crowler\
\'93Wee Heavy\'94 that is full bodied, slightly sweet, and deliciously malt-forward. Conditioned in can for smooth cask-like body and head.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Zestier Shade of Pale 32 oz Crowler\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $12.00\
ZESTIER SHADE OF PALE\
5.6% ABV\
Hoppy pale ale brewed with Meyer Lemons.\
\
You must be at least 21 years old to purchase.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hound Dog Hefeweizen 32 oz Crowler\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $12.00\
Hound Dog Hefeweizen\
5.0% ABV\
32 oz Crowler\
A classic German-style wheat beer, this hazy brew gets fantastic banana and clove flavors from the traditional Bavarian yeast. Fruit and bread aromas compliment the flavor, while spicy noble hops add a subtle bitterness that brings it all together. Full bodied and super refreshing, it's the perfect brew for the Dog Days of Summer!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 James Morris Milk Stout 32 oz Crowler\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $12.00\
James Morris Milk Stout\
4.6% ABV\
Chocolatey, roasty, fruity esters and a hint of milky sweetness. This is a super smooth and sessionable Milk Stout that packs in the flavor without a high ABV.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Sip In Place Pils 32 oz Crowler\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $12.00\
Sip In Place Pils\
5.3% ABV\
Refreshing golden lager with big flavor and crisp finish. Brewed as a collaboration with Admiral Maltings, we used their Pilsner and Feldblume base malts, with a dash of Yolo wheat. Rich, bready malt flavors are balanced by a spicy bitterness from traditional Czech Saaz hops. A perfect addition to everyone's quarantine, take a sip while you SIP!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Should I Stay Or Should I Gose 32 oz Crowler\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $12.00\
Should I Stay Or Should I Gose\
4.1% ABV\
32 oz Crowler\
Pronounced "Go-suh" in German, this traditional Ale from Leipzig is slightly tart, with a hint of sea salt and coriander. Brewed with pilsner malt and wheat for a pale straw color and a bready finish, then lightly hopped, spiced, and fermented with both lactobacillus and our house yeast. Flavorful and refreshing, it's the perfect session sour.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Feldblume Bitter 32 oz Crowler\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $12.00\
FELDBLUME BITTER\
4.2% ABV\
32 oz Crowler\
Classic English Bitter with a local twist. This sessionable golden ale was brewed with 100% local malt from Admiral Maltings in Alameda. The cornerstone of this beer is their Feldblume base malt, which gives an appealing golden straw color, and the aroma of fresh hay and wildflowers.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Can of Underground IPA\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50 - $18.00\
Underground IPA\
6.8% ABV\
16 oz Can\
An American IPA brewed with British manners. It boasts boosted hops and ABV to fit the West-coast palate, but with an English-style balance and malty backbone.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Can of Cucumber Kolsch\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50 - $18.00\
Cucumber Kolsch\
5.3% ABV\
16 oz Can\
Your Summer time beer is here! Brewed with fresh English cucumbers, hand peeled, chopped, and added directly to our fermentor. While the added aroma is subtle, the cucumber flavor is pronounced, and blends exquisitely with the biscuity pilsner malt. An incredibly refreshing beer for a hot afternoon!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Can of Redwood City IPA\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50 - $18.00\
REDWOOD CITY IPA\
7% ABV\
16 oz. can\
Pine and citrus hop-forward flavor with solid backbone. Dry-hopped with Citra, this is a delicious every day IPA to drink in all the cities in the Bay!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Can of Hoppier Shade of Pale\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50 - $18.00\
HOPPIER SHADE OF PALE\
6.1% ABV\
16 oz. can\
West Coast Pale Ale dry-hopped with Mosaic and perfectly balanced.\
\
You must be at least 21 years old to purchase.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Can of Gold Coast Nitro Cream Ale\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50 - $18.00\
GOLD COAST NITRO CREAM ALE\
5.5% ABV\
16 oz. can\
Luxuriously smooth with Mandarina Bavaria Hops and Admiral Malt.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Can of Big Tree Nitro ESB\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50 - $18.00\
BIG TREE NITRO ESB\
5.6% ABV\
16 oz. can\
Extra Special Bitter with caramel Aroma and malty sweetness, balanced by a bitter backbone.\
\
You must be at least 21 years old to purchase.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Bottle of Wenlock Stout\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50\
Wenlock Stout\
5.6% ABV\
500 mL Bottle\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Bottle of Big V Amber\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50\
Classic Amber Ale\
5.0% ABV\
500 mL Bottle\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Bottle of London Calling\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 $7.50\
Classic Pub Bitter\
3.5% ABV\
500 mL Bottle\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}