{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
This graphic was made as part of a selfie based project we were assigned. As I am not a huge selfie fan, I opted to find a figure from a 1920\'92s magazine illustration and add some more levels of visual intrigue on top of it. This was my favorite project I completed although it was labor intensive. I wanted it to have a rich, desert-y feel and for the colors to be simultaneously exciting and relaxing. \
\
\
This project tested my illustration skills but was incredibly fun because of the level of creativity involved and the control that using illustrator gives you. I chose a raccoon just because I think they are adorable and expressive. Using a photograph of a raccoon as reference, I made this illustration exaggerating certain features to enhance its \'93cute factor.\'94\
\
\
I\'92ve always liked desert plants and this one strikes me as particularly beautiful. I especially like the diffused light coming through the spaces between the many blades of the plant. \
\
\
Hi! I\'92m Deanna; currently a Nail Artist and Graphic Design enthusiast. This website is a peek into my past 4 months as a Visual Media Design student and some of the work that\'92s come out of it. \
\
\
It\'92s not easy to describe why I like this video so much, but apart from the song and dancing being fantastic, I really enjoy the feeling of traversing all of a crowded mid-aughts LA to end up at a bonfire by the sea where the dancing in the video finally doesn\'92t seem out of place. }